I beg you, no!
Ken, wake up, it’s me!
Please, please!
I love you.
Cut.
How many times was that?
The 31st.
Okay, listen.
That’s not it.
Don’t stop, we’re not finished.
This is the last scene of the film.
If this scene fails,
the whole film fails.
Do you understand?
Yes.
Do it again,
but I want to see terror in your eyes.
- That’s what I was trying to show.
- Yes.
We see how you act.
We see it.
But we also see
how bad your acting is.
I want sincerity.
Not fake tears. I want real tears!
- But--
- There is no “but”!
You act like shit!
It is normal for you,
since your life is shit!
You spend your days on your fucking laptop!
I need--
The movie needs that last fucking scene,
and you’re stopping us from getting it,
because your acting stinks. You suck!
You’re a c--
What’s the matter, asshole?
You piss me off, it’s my movie!
You shut your mouth!
You’ve been pissing me off since the start.
So shut the fuck up!
- Stop!
- Asshole!
Stop, that’s enough!
Everyone calm down.
We take 15 minutes and calm down.
I’m going to get some fresh air.
How are you? Take care of her.
How are you?
He’s sick, that man.
Getting into such a state.
No, it’s me.
I understand what he wants,
but I can’t do it.
No, no, that man is crazy.
He gave me a real slap.
I’ve got to do it.
I’ll call my agent.
It’s not going to be like this.
When you bite me, really bite me.
Try to hurt me for good.
- Can I come to your house tonight?
- If you want.
We’ll have a bath with soap.
Hold.
31 takes, it doesn’t matter.
I’m sorry.
No, Chinatsu, it’s not your fault.
Higurashi is crazy. I don’t know
what’s wrong with him, he is so tense.
Here.
Do you realize
how hard we work with a real axe?
It’s super dangerous.
Does the insurance allow this?
Is he like that
on all the movies?
Now he’s acting big.
He got into a lot of debt
to be able to make this film.
I can feel that.
It’s super charged.
But all the time,
even when he’s not here,
it feels like this place is charged.
There is a weird atmosphere.
What could it be?
No, nothing.
Go ahead, tell us.
This place really is charged.
I don’t know
if it’s true or not.
Maybe it’s invented on the Internet?
But there are rumors about this place.
It may be an urban legend.
What rumors?
It would seem that
here, during the war, on this ground,
the Japanese Army made experiments.
The Japanese Army?
Are you sure?
Yes, the Japanese Army.
Chinatsu, it’s unlikely,
but not impossible.
But, then...
What kind of experiments did they do?
Human experiences.
To revive the dead.
Undead then lived here.
You mean...
Yes.
They will be resurrected by the Blood Star.
Oh, yeah, okay.
But Hosoda will tell you,
he knows the story better.
I am going for a smoke.
Sorry.
I no longer want to smoke.
Sorry, forgive me.
And...
What were we talking about just before?
I said Hosoda will tell you,
’cause he knows the story better.
Ah, yeah, that’s it.
Hosoda.
I wonder where he is.
Wow.
That was weird,
that noise was really weird.
Could it have been the wind?
Yeah.
A fairly strong wind, then.
Yes-- No-- Sorry.
Natsumi, do you have zobies?
“Zobies”?
Yes, zobies. A passion.
Something that interests you, zobies.
Ah, hobbies.
Alright, sorry, I...
And do you have any?
Yes, I do some Krav-Maga.
Krav-Maga?
Yeah.
It’s a self-defense technique.
Okay.
- Is it good?
- Yes...
it’s fun.
If you like martial arts.
Have you practiced for a long time?
One year, yes.
About a year.
A year.
It’s long.
It is very long.
Shall I show you?
Yeah, seriously.
Okay... super, great.
“Grave maga”.
Yes.
Then, for example...
- Put down your glass.
- Yes.
Put your hand on my shoulder.
Okay, like, “Hello, ma’am.”
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I’ll show you another one.
Try to hit me.
Okay, but not a hard one?
No, of course not.
Okay, uh...
It’s great.
- It’s just two points, it’s stupid.
- I want to smoke again.
Damn it. I can’t breathe anymore.
Hosoda? You scared me.
What’s happening to you?
Ah, you want to act?
We’ll find you a role.
What’s that blood for?
It looks like real blood. What the hell?
It’s filthy! Help!
Help me, please!
Please!
What is this thing?
Natsumi, do you think it’s a real arm?
I don’t know, Ken.
Who could have done that?
If it’s a fake, it’s very well done.
That’s gross.
Hold on.
Oh, no, no, no.
I don’t believe it’s a fake.
It’s not one of your props?
No, it stinks, it’s a real one.
There is a watch.
Ken, it shows the right time.
This watch looks familiar.
It’s not possible.
Yamakoshi?
He smells of death!
But he is dead!
He’s missing an arm.
It’s Yamakoshi’s arm!
My god!!
Watch out, Chinatsu!
Watch out!
- No, Hosoda!
- Stop!
Hey, you...
No, no, no, no!
Watch out!
Come on, help me!
Come on.
There you go.
What’s going on here?
But, then, the rumor...
No, it’s impossible.
It’s not possible.
But where did Yamakoshi’s body go?
Oh, my God.
Where is he?
The arm.
Chinatsu, catch it!
Take it, Ken!
Is this what you want, zombie?
Come get the arm, come!
Come on!
What’s going on, huh?
What’s going on, Yamakoshi?
Do you realize what you are?
You have no more identity,
no more will.
Is that it,
Yamakoshi?
A victim of globalization?
A rot of the system?
You’re post-apocalyptic shit.
You no longer have any willpower.
What are you doing?
Do you do anything in life,
apart from
getting fucked by the system of capitalism?
You have no soul, bro.
Arm! Arm! Arm!
Arm!
Is this what you want? Are you interested?
Go, fetch.
Chinatsu!
- Ken.
- Chinatsu.
How are you?
My love.
I want to--
Ken.
Me too, but it isn’t possible.
No, turn around.
Here it is.
Now I have sincerity.
- There, you--
- Higurashi, what are you doing?
- Do you feel the emotion?
- You scare me.
Yes, keep this fear, live with it.
- Do you feel the emotion?
- Do you realize what’s happening?
But obviously.
I’m the one who’s directing, you moron.
You are sick.
Stop this camera.
“Stop this camera”?
Do you think I did everything
to stop the camera?
You’re crazy.
I set it in motion, now it all starts.
We can’t go back!
Ignorant.
You still haven’t...?
Yes, I have.
You triggered the curse?
Yes.
He’s sick, this man!
Don’t say that!
You don’t know what you’re talking about.
It was a year ago
when I was writing the scenario.
I was just next door,
in the small village of Shiwandjuku.
I often came here,
I didn’t know why.
As if I was attracted by a force.
And then... I discovered...
“thiiings”.
Things none of you could even imagine.
But, then...
the rumor was true?
Yes.
The rumor was true
and I shed blood to raise the dead.
- No...
- And now we’re going to put ourselves in place,
because here, I have sincerity,
I have the truth.
Now you are hot.
We will be able to shoot this last scene...
because you are scared
and you have seen death.
- What are you doing?
- No, go on. I’m going out for 2 seconds.
- No.
- I have to go.
- You’re not going out.
- I have to, sorry.
No, we need you.
- Sorry for being sorry, I--
- No, no, no.
There are monsters outside.
And I have some inside.
She’s right.
There are monsters outside, it’s dangerous.
We need you,
shut your mouth and come.
Please.
I don’t give a fuck. We need to...
Don’t break my balls, I need to.
- I need to go.
- Jonathan!
Shut up! It’s breaking my balls.
I’ll go.
I’ll get him.
And we don’t stop the camera!
Are you okay?
Yes, I’m fine.
- And you?
- I’m okay.
- It’s okay.
And you?
Yes, fine.
How are you?
And you?
Yes, fine.
Cool.
And you?
Yes, fine.
- I’ve already asked, right?
- Yes.
That’s it, but...
Well...
at least everyone is fine,
it’s good enough.
Yes it’s good.
This is--
It’s very reassuring.
Very reassuring.
Yes.
It’s very reassuring.
And...
And tell me...
- Chinatsu...
- “Natsumi”.
Natsumi,
can you tell us more about this rumor, please?
What does it mean?
“They will be resurrected by the Blood Star”?
I’m not sure I remember well.
But I think it may be
a brotherhood...
from a dynasty whose last shogun, Shishima,
would have created
the Brotherhood of the Blood Star,
populated by the living dead.
They are supposed to
live in peace, but...
if we kill one of them, then...
they will infect us all.
Looks like someone woke them up.
But could he have done that?
It’s me, Higurashi.
Open up!
- There are monsters out here.
- What do we do?
- Hurry up.
- I don’t know.
- Here we go, let’s go!
- I take the axe.
- Hurry up.
- Come on.
- They’re outside, the door is closed, hurry!
- Okay.
- Open it.
- The door is blocked!
Quick, it’s not a joke.
Me neither, it’s not a joke.
It’s spreading too fast.
Akira has transformed.
He is coming.
- Alright, let me do it.
- Open up, damn it!
You’re right, it’s blocked.
It’s blocked!
The door is blocked.
Action!
Go ahead, bite them, bite them!
It’s great, awesome!
It’s brilliant!
Great!
Go ahead, smash it!
Yes, it’s brilliant!
Yes, suck it up!
This is a masterpiece!
Say goodbye, shitbag.
Oh, the replica.
Zombie bastard.
- Yes!
- Fuck you!
You stink of shit.
Yes!
Yes, that’s it, great!
That’s it, we got it!
Turn it around.
Where is he, Ken? I must--
Quick, let’s go to the car.
Zombie rot,
I’m going to cut your ass open.
Come on.
Come on, come on.
The keys.
The keys?
There are no keys!
Who has the ki-ki?
We don’t say,
“Who has the ki-ki?”!
Who has the keys?
Yamakoshi.
Yamakoshi!
The keys are in the bag.
Let’s get going.
Leave me alone, Ken!
Take the keys in his bag.
That’s it, we’re there.
It’s my movie, I do what the fuck I want,
damn it! I am a director.
No, no, no.
Help!
Sayonara only had one arm.
Thanks. We can go again, Ken.
Shitty capitalism consumer bastard!
Consumer society!
What?
- Open, Natsumi!
- It’s us!
Natsumi, it’s us!
Natsumi, we have the bag!
Come in.
What a nightmare.
Did they bite you?
I don’t know.
No, I think it’s just a scratch.
Ah, yes,
I have the keys.
One second. You...
Do you believe,
or are you sure?
I believe.
Wait, we’re not sure of anything.
Exactly.
No, let’s calm down, okay?
I’m calm, very calm.
Stop, stop!
Bitch!
No, no, no...
It’s great, it’s really good.
Get out of my way.
- Wait for me, bitch.
- Damn it.
Natsumi...
Please.
I can’t take it anymore.
Please leave me alone.
It’s just an axe in the face.
Chinatsu!
You again?
Stop, it’s a real axe.
Not the two points.
Stop filming.
Stop filming, damn it.
Don’t.
No!
Nooo!
Is that what you want?
It’s over, my love.
Walk away.
She was crazy,
but she was right.
- I may become one of them.
- Don’t say that.
I don’t want to hurt you, my love.
I don’t want to, Ken.
Chinatsu!
Chinatsu.
Arm...
Ken...
An axe here? What a luck.
Ken!
Ken.
Oh, no.
It’s not true.
No, no, no.
Please.
I love you.
- So...
- Ken...
There it is.
You are great.
Please, Ken.
I leave you two.
- Ken, please.
- I love you.
Wake up.
I love you. I love you.
Stop!
- I love you.
- Stop, I can’t, Ken.
I love you.
Please, Ken.
Ken...
I love you.
What the hell did you do?!
He was supposed to bite you!
But you didn’t understand anything!
You’re stupid!
Wait, wait, I beg you.
Your end is better.
Give me two seconds, two seconds.
Action.
My name is Higurashi Shisheiku Higurasai.
This is the recording of my last words.
I triggered a curse.
And it got away from me.
I will die.
My only hope
is to be resurrected
by the Blood Star.
It’s too long!
No...
Cut!
EARLIER
MONTH
ONE
Cut!
Let’s move on to the next shot.
Okay, great.
Philippe, can we have fake tears?
Come on, let’s hurry.
It’s done.
Okay, start the engine.
- It’s rolling.
- And action!
Wait, why am I already crying?
Don’t worry, cry, that’s all.
Okay.
Hello, Rémi. How are you?
- Hey, Mounir, how are you?
- Great.
- It has been a long time.
- Yes. How’s work?
Good. Well, it’s a little thing.
Can I talk to you afterwards?
- Yes, really.
- Great.
- Who is it?
- I will explain to you.
Okay, cut.
- It was fine like that?
- Yes, it was great, let’s move on.
What kind of movies do you make?
I’ve done a lot of things.
Infomercials, reconstructions,
corporate films,
a documentary on the French touch.
Lots of stuff.
He’s done a lot of things,
but nothing noticeable.
And for the Net.
Stuff on the internet,
that sort of thing.
And what’s your motto?
My motto.
“Fast, cheap and average.”
He promises to be
fast, cheap and average.
He is perfect.
Mrs. Matsuda thinks you’re the right person.
That’s right.
That’s great.
A zombie movie?
Yes, but rather clever.
During the filming of a zombie movie,
the crew gets attacked
and they all become zombies.
Panic, fights, chases, etc.
A kind of survival.
In Japan, it was a hit.
Have you mentioned the conditions?
- Did you mention the conditions?
- I will.
This is for a new platform,
created in Japan... “Z”.
“Z” like...?
Like nothing, like “Z”.
Specialized in the B-series.
Hence “Z”.
That’s it.
And that movie is for the opening.
- Okay.
- Are you okay?
- I’m not done, not done.
- There are one or two trouble spots.
- And they are?
It must be
directly broadcasted.
Straightforward live.
Live, live, live.
She is super enthusiastic.
And then, it must be
a one sequence shot.
A one sequence shot... sequence shot?
A one sequence shot.
You don’t turn off the camera.
- Half an hour without cutting.
- Half an hour?
Yeah, it’s sensational, that’s for sure.
It’s sensational.
It’s completely stupid.
Damn, I almost got fooled.
Nonsense.
You’re kidding.
I’m so stupid.
- Do you accept?
- You really don’t want to do it?
- No, I don’t feel it.
For once, you are offered something else.
It’s mostly because
everyone refused.
Why are you saying that?
It sucks,
no one wants to screw up.
Even so, it’s a Japanese company.
This might be your chance.
My chance to pass for an idiot.
Half an hour in one shot.
It must be tuned like clockwork.
You have to be a clock to accept that.
Well, don’t do “Hmm” to me.
Yes, Nadia,
I know what a one shot is.
And I know what 30 minutes means.
Hi, Dad.
Hey, my darling.
The ki-ki,
who moved the keys?
We don’t say “the ki-ki”.
- I have them, I’m going.
- Have fun.
- Yes, I’m having a lot of fun.
- Is it going well?
Yes, it’s great.
I’m working on a masterpiece.
Between Scorsese and Coppola.
Kiss.
Kiss, my darling.
It’s not going well.
It wouldn’t be bad
if you went to see her.
Yes.
Fake tears are for fake actresses.
We’re better than that, right?
You can do it by yourself.
Is there something
that has made you very sad?
I do not know.
Are your grandparents alive?
- Yes.
- Shit.
Have you ever had
a cat or a dog?
Excuse me.
We have already discussed it
with the team
and they agree on the fake tears.
Okay, but I try to
make her cry by herself, without any aid.
I completely understand.
But the director has
already confirmed. So I...
Yes, but I’m saying something else.
Don’t stay close to your child,
you’re ruining my work.
And the way you speak to my daughter...
- I know what I’m doing, okay?
- I don’t think so.
“I don’t think so”... Well, yes.
What a bitch.
I don’t care, it’s unbearable.
- Can we find a solution?
- No, no, no.
No, you understand, not here.
Alright, you’re fired.
I couldn’t do anything.
Wait, Romy.
All this for fake tears?
What the fuck do you care?
What the fuck do I care?
It is with emotion
that Gerard Nolleau...
That’s your thing!
returns to the scene
of the accident.
RETURNS TO THE DRAMA AT THE CRANES
When facing his demons,
Gerard couldn’t contain his emotions.
He had been heroic,
but the price to pay was too high.
At the time of evaluation, Gerard...
You’re looking at crap.
Can I change the channel?
Yes.
Go ahead, my darling.
Shit.
More shit.
Even more shit.
It’s the evening of shit.
It’s cool, it was a good day.
I loved the way that...
Ah, cool.
CONFIDENCES OF A RISING ACTOR
CANNES SPECIAL:
...she caught up with what I was doing.
Who is it?
Raphaël Barelle, a great actor.
You have a film selected at Cannes.
It’s only a small role,
CONFIDENCES OF A RISING ACTOR
CANNES SPECIAL:
but a day with Lars...
is worth 10 years of acting lessons.
Excuse me.
Lars is a platform of emotions.
- Who is it?
- Raphaël Barelle. She adores him.
He’s the trendy actor of the moment.
Do you have new plans?
CONFIDENCES OF A RISING ACTOR
Sure. I could talk about it?
Okay, let’s do it...
SCOOP: THE NEXT FILM BY R. BARELLE
Now I might do something bloody,
a zombie movie.
Ah, a genre film?
- Yes.
- And who will do it?
That, I don’t know yet.
It’s confidential.
Is it a big role this time?
Yes, it’s the lead role.
We can’t wait to see.
I can imagine.
You amaze me,
Raphaël Barelle as a zombie.
He’s the next French Adam Driver.
- Thanks a lot.
- Thanks.
Hello.
I’m Mounir, the producer.
- Ah, hello.
- Nice to meet you.
Me too.
Are you okay,
not too nervous?
Not at all,
I’ve done a lot of shootings.
- Great.
- And then look...
I did a story last night
with the scenario.
Look.
134,000 views.
- “Vjuse”?
- Views.
Ah, “views”,
I’m so stupid.
Yes.
I am very happy, Minour.
- People are already waiting for it.
- Yes, but my name is “Mounir”.
“I want sincerity.”
“You feel fear,
I want to see it on your face.”
“I want sincerity.”
“You feel fear,
I want to see it on your face.”
“I want sincerity. I want sincerity.”
“You feel fear,
I want to see it on your face.”
“No, we can see how you play.”
The zombie has a very strong
societal function.
It is globalization,
consumerism,
globalization, capitalism,
it’s racism,
it’s the loss of will,
intolerance.
Hello, I’m Armel.
I play the assistant director.
Are you Philippe?
We can be on a first name basis, right?
Okay, as you wish.
- Yeah, let’s do like that.
- Okay.
See you later.
Are there any mint candy?
No, if there isn’t one here, it means no.
That’s hard.
Excuse me.
- Is it hard water?
- Sorry?
Is that hard water?
I don’t know.
I have diarrhea, I don’t hide it.
I only drink fresh water,
I had sent a message.
Okay, I make a note.
- Didn’t you read my message?
- I don’t think so.
I sent it, though.
- Verify.
- I’ll verify.
“I want you to feel the fear.”
“I want to see it
on your face.”
“I don’t want you to act.”
“We see that you are acting.”
“I want you to feel real fear.”
“I want to see it on your face.”
“I want sincerity.”
“I want sincerity. I want sincerity.”
“I don’t want you to act.”
“I want you to feel fear.”
Sorry.
Who are you playing?
Me? It’s rather what I play.
I’m the musician, Fatih.
Okay, Fatih, that’s your name.
- Yeah, it’s not my job.
- Yeah, that’s for sure.
- We can’t all be called Philippe.
- No, but I...
Please.
I think we’re all here.
We can start, if you don’t mind.
I’m very happy to see you all.
I am very happy for this
special, atypical, risky project.
By the way, thank you, Ms. Matsuda,
for being here. Thanks.
Thanks a lot.
No problem.
“Doitash”...
Here...
Well, it’s going to be great.
I mean, it can be great.
No, I’m sure it will be great.
Hello.
Sorry for the delay.
The nanny left me,
my husband is not there.
Sorry.
Shall I take care of her?
No, it’s not necessary.
She won’t get in the way.
She is super quiet.
“Exactly...
“we can see how bad you act.
“I want to believe
that what you see on your face is true.”
“No, Mr. Director, you can’t!”
“I can.
“It’s my movie!
“I know what’s good for my movie.
“Stay out of it.”
“That’s enough.
“Let’s take a break
and calm down, all of us.”
Very good idea.
Hush.
He may be hungry, right?
Excuse me, Rémi,
is it possible
to avoid throwing up on myself?
Me... I’d like to try,
but my agent doesn’t want to.
Don’t worry, it won’t be real vomit.
I know, but it’s all about my followers.
No problem, don’t worry.
- It’s not even a topic.
- Thanks.
You’re welcome.
Rémi, can we talk a bit about the script?
Of course.
With Lars, compared to the script,
we tried to bring things.
Okay. And?
I’m not a fan of the axe.
Zombies have no will.
So, if they are using an axe,
that’s nonsense to me.
Using an axe means they have a will,
but then they’re not a zombie.
Oh, that’s interesting.
Yes.
The zombie is dehumanization,
that’s what terrifies the viewer.
The axe has re-humanized them,
so they are less scary.
They are less scary with the axe?
Yes.
Ah, that’s interesting.
Well, yeah.
Excuse me, I listen without listening.
You know,
there are many kinds of zombies.
There are some
who go super fast, or who talk...
I’m not telling you to shut your mouth.
But I’m talking to the director here.
Wait...
I’ll think about it.
I promise you, I’ll think about it.
What do you think?
About what?
All right, then, be careful,
it is a Japanese script.
They know more than us
about zombies.
But I will consider it.
It’s interesting.
Promised.
Hey, he’s hungry, huh?
He is hungry.
It’s impressive.
It’s super, the rehearsals.
It’s my first time, it’s great.
What’s the matter?
I find it a little disgusting.
Why?
Giving the nipple in front of everyone.
It’s beautiful.
It’s nature, it’s not disgusting.
- Not disgusting?
- No.
If I took my ball out
and had it sucked by an infant...
wouldn’t it shock you?
It has nothing to do with that.
It’s got a little bit to do with it, buddy.
Nobody works here?
Apparently they’re taking a break.
Jerk-offs.
BEFORE
WEEKS
THREE
We’ll start up there.
- You take the camera and the axe.
- Okay.
Here, Fredo?
There are none of my props.
There is still my monologue.
- Is this the latest version?
- Look at the title.
The new version is great, well done.
Thanks.
It just have to be validated
by the Japanese company.
Do they have to validate it?
History of...
What works over there
doesn’t necessarily work here.
There’s some very Japanese-Japan stuff.
What?
What you said is super racist.
Nonsense, we’re not Japanese.
There are things
we don’t understand the same way.
There is Chinese-China,
Polish-Poland humor.
- Or Tunisian-Tunisia.
- Or Spanish-Spain, I got it.
- So?
- Don’t say that to Ms. Matsuda.
Yes?
“Racist”, that’s nonsense.
Right, we leave like this.
We turn around.
Raphaël, get in place.
There, we stay like that.
We go around.
There, we see the team.
Go ahead, Jonathan, the pole.
And here, we put ourselves behind.
Like this.
Okay.
You kept the axe.
Um, yes.
It’s stupid.
We’re missing something here.
The image of zombies, you see?
That’s a shame-- Stop, please.
Are you stupid or what?
He’s a moron.
Hold on, calm down.
Yes, but we were
talking here.
Give up the...
Sorry, but we’re missing the image of zombies.
I told you about it.
I say...
Damn.
It sucks.
- Mounir?
- Yes?
Is there a problem if I use fake tears?
No worries.
Go ahead, it’s cinema.
Thanks.
You’re welcome.
We don’t give a fuck about that.
Rémi, it’s going to be fine.
Tears, not tears,
we don’t give a fuck.
Okay, good.
But where are they?
- I’m here.
- Not you, the actors.
Oh, they are...
Alright, let’s take a break.
I thought of something lethal.
Oh, yeah?
We are going to add gratin sounds.
- Gratin?
- Squeaky stuff
to give a creepy side, you know?
- Ah, squeaks.
- Yes, squeaks.
Because you said “gratin”.
Things that scratch,
then squeak, you see?
- You see, what a gratin is--
- Forget the gratin.
I’m talking about squeaks.
It’s gonna be deadly.
It’s gonna be creepy.
It’ll be great.
Great.
Is that Dad’s script?
What is it about?
A director triggers a zombie curse
to be able to film...
with real zombies,
and everyone becomes zombies.
Seriously?
- Is it good?
- Yes, it’s funny.
It can be good.
However, you have to love zombies.
Don’t you feel like it?
Like what?
To play in it.
Oh, no.
You don’t want to be
an actress again?
Instead of getting excited
for Krav-Maga.
I’m not excited, it’s just a hobby.
You need an average hobby.
Word Scramble, Sudoku, yes.
But Krav-Maga...
I no longer want to be an actress at all.
It’s really not for me.
You were really good.
By the way...
Do you know
who plays in Dad’s movie?
Hey.
- Everything’s fine?
- Yeah, fine.
BEFORE
WEEKS
TWO
Ah, is it you, Frank?
What’s happening to you?
You want to act?
Is this blood?
Where will the blood be?
In the mouth. Go!
- In his mouth?
- Yes.
- Ah, my arm.
- Here?
Ah, my arm.
You’re freaking out, okay.
The arm...
Here.
Ouch, my back.
What’s the matter?
Two minutes for me. Sorry.
No problem.
Ah, lumbar spine of a bitch!
Ah motherfucker, shit!
Ah, his mother...
Oh, motherfucker.
- Can I talk to you?
- Of course.
It concerns the drinking.
- Don’t worry.
- Exactly...
Excuse me.
I’m not a fan of the replica.
Antoine’s arm.
Why?
It is stupid, it looks like
the guy is doing a puzzle.
There’s an arm on the ground, his buddy
has one arm missing. We got it, right?
I pass for a fool.
Yes, I mean, your character...
My character is me.
Don’t play with words.
It looks like Scooby-Doo.
- What would you say?
- Nothing.
- It’s not my job to write.
- No, but in real life?
- Are you kidding me?
- Not at all.
The real life?
- It’s a zombie movie!
- Yes.
Nothing is coherent or realistic.
If a director talks to me like that,
I ought to slap him.
Raphaël,
you are super good.
What you give off is...
solid, you see, massive.
Honestly, don’t worry.
It’s American style, you show it,
that’s Adam Driver over there.
I know, but I’m not talking about that.
I’m talking to you about truthfulness.
Well, you understand nothing.
And if we discovered the arm...
with a big zoom in?
It sucks, a zoom.
Yes, but if we do it well...
it might be super cool.
We are here
and the zombie arrives.
Bam, we zoom in.
Vroom, zoom out again.
Whoo, we come back.
You’re too close.
Sorry.
Are there any toilets on the site?
No, but we are going
to have Algeco installed.
Okay. I’d like to know
where and when the info comes.
Understood.
Because I had sent you an email.
Okay, sorry, I didn’t see it.
Didn’t you read it?
I don’t know, maybe we didn’t get it.
You don’t read the emails that I send you?
I am sorry.
I sent the email.
Yes.
I get it.
It’s my fault, I’m sorry.
I sent it to you.
BEFORE
WEEK
ONE
Ms. Matsuda is waiting for
the return original authors.
But she thinks some things...
are incomprehensible
and some are dumb.
Ah, dumb...
Yes, it’s interesting.
But rightly so...
The idea was to help us understand better.
The French public is not
accustomed to this kind of films.
They are not always
at the level of the Japanese.
Like with the Hi-Fi, for example.
Is your Hi-Fi the dumbest thing you’ve got?
You’re creating problems here.
No, I’m trying to solve them.
So that we can better understand the story.
We don’t care about the story.
We do what the Japanese want.
We have to stop saying “the Japanese”.
They did Pearl Harbor too, the Japanese.
Don’t translate.
Please.
Pearl Harbor...
Can you stop your thing, Fatih?
Excuse.
Are you working?
Yes, yes.
Yes, well, I...
It’s not bad, your T-shirt.
He pisses me off, Tarantino.
There, you come back,
you want your arm.
Arm!
There, that’s good.
You, you’re scared and you...
Bam!
Great. And there, the arm...
will land on Ava.
Okay?
You, the director, you live,
you don’t stand still.
Does that suit you?
I mean, would that make you feel better?
No, well, anyway, that’s not the problem.
Agree...
But how many times
can a zombie die?
I would say 9 times.
That is cats.
Why do you want
to know that?
Well, it’s not clear.
We kill them, they come back.
We kill them again, they come back again.
- Then, nothing more, we understand nothing.
- Okay, fine.
- And there is something that would suit you?
- Yeah.
That we had a real director.
Wow, that exit.
No, it’s normal, it’s getting closer.
- We don’t all handle stress the same way.
- Rémi, the wig bothers me.
No, that’s great.
It is Kill Bill and Pulp Fiction
and we need it to...
- The axe.
- Let’s take a break, so...
I’m going back to the cabin.
Okay, let’s take a break.
Excuse me.
Don’t you think my role is a little small?
No, there are no small roles,
there are only small actors.
There are also small roles.
Is your back better?
I can do it, you know?
Forget it. 30 minutes with the camera
on the shoulder, it’s not a girl’s thing.
Because you can
make a point with your dick?
You know what I mean.
No, I don’t.
Not easy with Raphaël.
No one is easy.
I know.
Well, I have good news.
- Oh, yes?
- Yes.
I take pills so I don’t drink
and I’ll be sober on set.
These are super strong pills,
you can’t drink when you take them.
Okay.
You can do it?
Yes.
There’s my monologue and everything.
Then it ruins my life too much.
You see?
- Yes?
- It’s my daughter.
She is beautiful.
She doesn’t want to see me anymore.
I ruined everything with her.
I would have preferred to
be a good father, but...
That’s why I have to do it.
But it’s hard.
When I don’t drink, it’s too hard.
It’s okay.
Hold on, Philippe.
Quiet.
It is too hard.
Philippe, don’t cry.
It’s okay, man.
Are you okay?
Yes, I’m fine.
Did the rehearsal go well?
Yes.
I mean, so-so.
There’s no reason for it to go wrong.
And there is no reason
why it should go well.
BEFORE
DAY
ONE
Hello.
Konichiwa.
Ms. Matsuda spoke with the authors.
They want you to stay faithful
to the original text.
I have remained faithful.
Even more faithful.
We can’t even change the pronouns.
Not even the pronouns?
But we’ll look like idiots.
“Like us at Pearl Harbor.”
Fatih, shut up.
Sorry.
BEFORE
HOUR
ONE
Is it good?
We are going down.
We plan it off-screen
and put it back in place.
Hello.
Hello, Nadia.
Thanks for
your hospitality.
With pleasure.
Hello.
- Does she want to see her father work?
- Right.
- Does she want to be a director?
- Yes.
The apple don’t fall far from the tree.
- Rémi?
- Yes?
- What are these Japanese pronouns?
- So...
You don’t, I hope.
Damn, I can’t believe it.
It’s just out of space.
Laurent becomes “Akira”.
Muriel is “Natsumi”
and Anais becomes “Chinatsu”?
- It’s absurd.
- I agree.
And I am “Ken”?
No wonder I’m Ken.
Hey, on the other hand--
Don’t laugh.
No...
Don’t laugh, I’m the one on the screen!
Johanna wants to see you.
Excuse me.
Wait, there is
a more serious problem than ours?
Hello, everyone.
Hello.
Is something going on?
Gaby and Mélanie are at the hospital.
They had an accident on the road.
Shit, what were they doing together?
Well, the actors...
- They have a history.
- But they are fine.
We don’t care about that.
We continue.
- We do without them.
- How?
Can’t we adapt the script?
Not at all.
It is the main roles
and starts in 45 min.
Let’s get replacements.
We are two hours from Paris.
Should we recruit in the Yvelines?
They have to know the script.
And be credible as
a director and make-up artist.
Without a miracle,
you can’t find actors like that.
Do you have
a better idea?
I know the script
and I am credible as a director.
Yeah, yeah.
Thank you, great.
Okay it’s great, I like it.
Me too, I really like it.
There was a serious side to Carlos,
but that shirt... it’s not bad.
Great, thanks Fatih.
Without the make-up artist,
half of the problem remains intact.
Yes, shit, the make-up artist.
Here.
She has been an actress
and has read the screenplay a hundred times.
Wait. Sorry.
Excuse me.
Hold on, one second.
Why are you getting involved?
Any better idea?
She is unable to control
herself while acting.
At some point, she tips over
and believes that everything is true.
You have no idea
how many problems we had.
With the actors, the insurances.
I don’t want to repay for 6 years.
It’s out of the question.
We may end up in deep shit.
He’s right.
It’s not what was planned.
But one, we have no choice.
And two, Nadia is an actress.
And not only is she an actress, but also...
She... she’s really an actress.
In a nutshell...
Don’t worry, I’m used to...
I mean, I got this.
Rémi, can I talk to you for a sec?
Well, we had our differences.
It’s okay.
But now, we agree, don’t we?
We have to stop.
No, never mind.
We have an audience
waiting for us, we can’t.
If we can, we must. But...
what we can’t do
is make fun of people.
Trust me, don’t worry.
It is not that I worry,
it’s that you worry me.
Everything worries me.
I can hear you.
The Japanese pronouns,
then the actors are changed at the last minute
and the screenplay
isn’t worked out.
We are going to make
the worst movie in the world.
Listen, Raphaël.
You’re at the top
of a big diving board...
at the edge of the void.
You’re a little scared, it’s normal.
But if you do it...
your dive will be insane.
And down there,
a hot bath is waiting for you.
Or a swimming pool without a float.
Or a swimming pool without floats.
I’m not telling you it’s a done deal.
I’m telling you it’s possible.
If we all focus, we can do it.
It’s like in the theater, at the moment T,
we will all sublimate ourselves.
- Did you do theater?
- No, but who cares.
We all have to believe in it.
And I need you to lead everyone.
And remember that we
are not immune to a miracle.
Nor a big dung.
There is always that risk.
Excuse me.
Agent Greg
I looked at the contract.
There’s nothing we can do.
Agent Greg
Sorry.
You have to do it.
Good.
We are going to bet
everything on the miracle.
There you are.
Is that Jonathan’s canteen?
Yes, we forgot his water.
Shit.
He pisses us off with his “hard water”.
Besides, the guy is obnoxious.
I can’t blame him.
He’s an asshole.
I don’t care if it makes him shit.
As the cast has changed,
there may be small errors.
But we do not care.
Errors, accidents...
Shit.
- Sorry.
- Great, thank you.
So little mistakes, accidents,
we make use of them.
Unless something serious, we continue.
We don’t stop the camera.
Stay focused on your part.
So accept--
Hey, what’s that?
It’s sake.
It’s a gift from Mrs. Matsuda.
Well, now is not the time.
We’ll talk about it later, okay?
So accept whatever happens.
And rest assured,
nothing serious will happen.
Okay?
So now is the time.
So it’s up to you to play.
Well, it’s up to us.
So come on, let’s go! Damn everyone!!
Thank you, Fatih.
BEFORE
MINUTE
ONE
How are you?
Hmm, hm, okay.
It is stage fright, it
always happens to me.
Do you want some water?
No, I have mine, it’s fine.
“No, please...”
“Aaah... No, no, no.”
“I want sincerity.”
- Okay, shit. See you later.
- Thanks.
Stand-by in 30 seconds.
“The 31st.”
“How many times was it?”
“The 31st time.”
“This place is really charged.”
“I don’t know if it’s a rumor or not.”
- “31st.”
- “I don’t know.”
“He has no more arms?”
“No, but he’s dead.”
“He no longer has an arm,
is it his arm?”
“It’s Yamakoshi’s arm.”
“We see how you act.”
“And in addition,
we can see how bad your acting is.”
“Me, I want sincerity.”
“Sincerity.”
“I beg you, no. No, aaah!”
“Aaah...”
“No no!”
Stand-by in 10...
Wait, where is he, Philippe?
Philippe, damn it, Philippe!
I was in the bathroom.
Bathroom.
He said “bathroom”?
Action.
“I beg you, no!”
Please, please!
Cut.
How many times was it?
The 31st time.
Good...
Isn’t that Rémi Bouillon?
Yes, it’s the director.
Isn’t that weird?
This is the last scene.
I didn’t know he could act.
...the whole movie is a failure.
I want to see terror in your eyes.
I was trying to show that.
Yes.
We see that you are acting.
Hush!
And besides,
we can see how bad your acting is.
I want sincerity.
I want real tears.
You play like shit!
- All day on your cell phone.
- Damn, he delivers.
There, he improvises.
Oh?
We need that fucking last scene!
You are stopping us from getting it
because you suck!
You’re at c--
What’s wrong with you, asshole?
You piss me off!
It’s my movie, shut the fuck up!
You’ve been pissing me off
since the start!
So shut the fuck up!
He strays from the script.
But he’s good.
Everyone calm down.
We take a 15 minutes break.
No thanks.
I’ll get some fresh air.
He’s right, but I can’t do it.
How was it?
Great.
You came out strong.
I didn’t remember my lines,
so it came out as it came.
We saw that.
- But how was it?
- Yes, yes. Super.
- See you tonight.
- Yes, if you want.
I tried a voice that was a bit...
31st time, it makes no sense.
Sorry.
No, Chinatsu, it’s not your fault.
Higurashi is totally insane.
These pronouns
seems like a punishment.
No, it’s not that bad, don’t worry.
Is that how you’re going to play?
Great, it’s very believable. Cool.
Here, during the war...
on this ground,
the Japanese army
would have made experiments.
The Japanese army?
It’s like the movie.
I have a problem with Philippe.
Severe?
It might be a huge problem, yes.
He’s playing in a minute.
- Philippe?
- What’s happening?
Damn. Philippe, wake up.
Philippe!
He took a box with sake.
No, no, no, no.
Fuck off.
Go get the signs.
Hurry up!
Philippe.
Come on.
I’m fine.
Okay?
No, no...
Wow, that noise was weird.
Really very weird.
Fuck, fuck it.
I-I messed up, huh?
Come on, come.
Excuse me.
Hurry up.
I screwed up.
Hush.
WE HAVE A SMALL PROBLEM. IMPROVISE
Say, Natsumi, do you have zobies?
- “Zobies”?
- Yes, zobies.
Passions, something that
interests you. Zobies.
Do you know where we are?
Because right now, I’m a little lost.
I’m in the dark.
I do some Krav-Maga.
Where are we now?
It is not clear.
But what are they talking about?
That’s exactly
what’s not clear.
Done it for a long time?
A year.
Yes, about a year.
That’s a long time.
It’s a very long time.
Rémi, we can’t continue here.
We are ready, send out Armel.
That’s great.
It’s just two points.
It’s all stupid.
I want to smoke again.
It’s you, Hosoda?
You scared me.
What happened to you?
Ah, do you want to act?
Don’t worry, we’ll find you a role.
What is this? Blood?
But...
Ah, it’s disgusting.
Help, help me!
It’s disgusting.
He puked me, damn it.
- But it’s fake.
- No, it stinks like real vomit.
No it’s fake, but has a real stench.
Johanna,
come here.
At the same time,
it’s really zombie-like.
- Oh, yeah?
- Yes, it is.
Wait, Ken, the watch is on time.
This watch looks familiar.
Okay, it’s good.
It’s great.
Thanks, Philippe.
Very funny.
Damn...
You’re a pain in the ass.
I vomited a little.
Yes, we saw.
- It never happened to me before.
- Come on, hurry up.
I had to eat, maybe it wasn’t fresh.
Or they put Antabuse in my drink.
His arm is missing.
It’s Yamakoshi’s arm.
My God!
Watch out, Chinatsu!
Watch out.
Stop!
Don’t do it, stop!
Hosoda, wake up, oh!
It’s Mrs. Matsuda who suggested this scene.
She finds this zombie very good.
Okay, fine.
What’s going on here?
I vomited again.
I don’t know what I have--
Shh, be quiet.
Sorry.
I swear, shut the fuck up.
He wants his arm.
Chinatsu, catch it.
Take him away, Ken.
Is this what you want, zombie?
Come and get it, zombie.
Come on!
What’s happening?
You’re stuck.
Get me out of this shit.
I can’t, you’re stuck.
Is this what you want?
Well, try to get it.
Wait, but where are they?
Don’t bother, there’s no camera.
Shit.
Where are they?
It’s not possible.
Fuck it.
The cut off arm. What?
You stink, man.
I don’t know what you’ve done.
Rémi, we have a problem.
Me too.
Hurry, you must go right now.
What?
Shit.
Where are you going?
I don’t feel well.
Go back.
What’s going on, Yamakoshi?
Don’t you realize what you are?
You no longer
have any identity.
You no longer have a will.
Is that it, Yamakoshi?
A victim of globalization?
A rot of the system.
You’re post-apocalyptic shit.
What are you doing?
Keep busy.
What are you doing? You suck.
Apart from being screwed
by the system of capitalism?
Thanks.
You have no soul.
Arm, arm, arm...!
How are you?
I’m at a loss here.
I failed.
But it’s okay, I’m going to
catch up on my monologue.
You do not understand.
I discovered...
thiiings.
Things none of you could imagine.
So the rumor was true?
Yes, the rumor was true and...
I shed blood to raise the dead.
And now, we are going
to put ourselves in place...
because here I have sincerity,
I have the truth.
- There I have the truth.
- It’s too long.
We will finally be able to shoot this
last scene... because you are afraid!
You have seen death!
- What are you doing?
- Go on, don’t worry about me.
- No.
- I’m going out for 2 seconds.
- No, no. You can’t.
- I have to, sorry.
- That was planned?
- No, it’s improvisation.
- There are monsters outside.
- And I have some inside.
Damn, that sucks.
- She’s right.
- It’s not...
It’s improvisation.
Don’t break my balls.
I fucking want to.
I want to go.
Jonathan!
He called him “Jonathan”.
Did he say “Jonathan”?
Where are you going?
Jonathan, it’s your turn.
It’s your turn.
I’ll do it on you.
I’ll go.
We continue.
We don’t stop the camera.
Stop.
Jonathan!
Are you stupid or what?
I am sick.
We need you.
Ah, it stinks.
Holy cow, it stinks.
Jonathan, shit.
I told you so.
Piss off.
How are you?
Huh.
Yes, fine.
And you?
I’m okay.
- Yes.
They are in a loop.
Yes, I see that.
Really super boring.
And you?
Yes, I’m fine.
Well, do we have the announcement?
WE APOLOGIZE
FOR THE INTERRUPTION
DUE TO TECHNICAL PROBLEMS
Yes I’m okay. And you?
Yes, I’m fine.
It’s shit, I’m not joking.
Rémi, it’s Mounir.
Do you hear me?
- Rémi, do you hear me?
- Yes, Mounir.
We have a problem, do you have a plan B?
No, I’m in trouble.
It’s flowing like a stream.
So, shall we stop?
No, not now.
Where are they?
Yes, I’m fine,
and you?
They are doing well.
In fact, they are nowhere.
Either you come up
with a solution, or I will cut.
No, wait for 10 seconds.
I’ll figure it out.
We can’t do it anymore.
We are hitting a wall.
I cut.
Dad, I have a solution.
Mom does Jonathan’s scene...
and he comes back
as a zombie for the fight.
A proper diarrhea
Yes, that is really great.
It’s great.
You’re a funny family.
Send them a sign
and hang up page 17.
Well, that’s reassuring.
Very reassuring.
- Yes, it’s very reassuring.
- A LITTLE PROBLEM WITH JONATHAN
NADIA TELLS THE STORY OF THE RUMOR
And...
Tell me,
- Chinatsu.
- “Natsumi”.
Natsumi...
can you tell us a bit more about this rumor?
What does it mean...
“They will be resurrected
by the Blood Star”?
Here.
Excuse me.
I also saw things differently.
It doesn’t matter.
Besides, there’s a hole in the story.
“I discovered... ‘thiiings’.”
Nonsense.
No, you were fine.
You were very good.
How much longer?
30 seconds.
I’m going.
Where is Jojo’s head?
Just over there, hurry up.
Come on.
Hurry up.
It’s me, Higurashi! Open!
There are monsters out there! Open, quick!
Come on, fuck.
But come here.
Hurry up, please!
There are monsters! Quick!
- The door is blocked!
- Move yourselves over here.
Chinatsu it’s no joke!
Me neither, it’s not a joke!
Akira has transformed!
Come on, it’s good.
He saw me, he rushes on me!
I triggered the thing,
it spreads too fast!
Yes, it’s blocked.
I’m focused now.
But you suck.
Action!
Go ahead, bite them, bite them!
It’s great.
It’s great, a masterpiece!
Fuck it, yes.
It’s a masterpiece.
Say goodbye, shitbag.
The props, the head.
Zombie crap.
Fuck yourself!
You fucking shit!
Was that in the script?
Yes.
Well, it’s not exactly the word,
but it’s the idea.
Where is he, Ken?
Quick, let’s go to the car.
Zombie rot.
I’ll cut your asses open.
Who has the ki?!
- We don’t say,
- “Who has the ki-ki.” Who has the key?
Yamakoshi.
It’s good.
It’s still rolling.
Let go of me, Ken.
It’s my film, I do what I want.
I’m the director.
Aih!
Sorry, sorry.
No, no, no.
This is a bit abstract, isn’t it?
How do I do it? Bitch.
Quick, quick.
Come in, come in.
Can you get up?
No, I can’t.
Shit, can’t you shoot?
Sorry.
“Sorry”, but...
Rémi, I can film. Me.
What do we do?
Let her do it.
Cool zooms by the cameraman.
Have they changed
the cameraman?
You hit me for real.
- Yes, but--
- Even my father didn’t hit me.
Come on, let’s go. I am sorry.
- Nadia, stop. What are you doing?
- You’re not satisfied?
He told you to put yourself in place.
Move your ass.
Poor bastard, acting bastard.
- Nadia...
- You are sick.
- Are you okay?
- No, I’m not okay. We do shit.
Oh, no, don’t fuck around, not now.
- Nadia, no...
- We have to figure out something.
But the producers are happy.
No, this is shit.
Nadia, please calm down.
I’m calm.
I am calm, very calm.
Sayonara, “Has-only-one-arm”.
Thanks. We can go again, Ken.
We’re on our way.
Damn capitalism, consumer bastards!
Consumer society!
Did they bite you?
She is super good, your mother.
Yes, totally.
It’s my first time seeing her perform.
It is very good.
Why did she stop acting?
I think she got too caught up in the play.
Ah really?
One day she was filming with Van Damme,
and she broke his wrist.
Van Damme, really?
Calm down. Okay?
Alright, how’s it going?
For me, it’s a bit of a mess.
It’s not what was planned.
Fatih, it’s okay. We adapt.
- Oh, shit.
- The high-kick.
A high kick right away.
It’s a stunt, it’s nothing.
She’s acting.
The zombies have to block the kick.
What’s going on here?
I will be back.
Huh, wake up.
Hurry, it’s up to you.
Go!
What is the...?
Great, that’s really good.
- Darling...
- Sorry.
- Fuck.
- Wait for me, bitch!
Shit...
Natsumi, please.
She is crazy.
I know, I have to stop her.
Is she often like that?
It can happen.
You must have had a hard time, poor guy.
Chinatsu!
You again?
Whore...
Ah, there you are.
Stop, it’s a real axe!
Not the two points!
Stop filming.
Stop filming!
Stop it.
Sorry, darling.
That’s a long time, right?
Is this what you want?
They are back to the script, great.
I don’t want to, Ken.
Chinatsu!
Chinatsu.
Rémi...
They forgot the axe.
Shit.
Put it down in front of the cabin.
- But...
- Hurry up, quick.
I’m going to pee.
Ken...
BE SCARED
YOU WILL FIND THE AXE
ON THE WAY OUT
Here? An axe. What a luck.
Without crane...
- it’s fucked up.
- Change the camera angle.
It must be 4 meters above the ground
if you want to see the blood star.
Well, if you want to see it.
I have to,
that’s the end of the film.
Otherwise, nobody will
understand anything.
“The dead will rise from the Blood Star.”
Read the script.
We can do without it.
It’s the end image.
People won’t notice.
Yes, but... they know very well
when you serve them shit.
We have to stop despising them,
the “people”, as you say.
I’m sick
of this cynicism.
This is not the time. We don’t care.
Stop with your “We don’t care”!
You suck!
Do you think you can solve
the problems by jerking off?
I’m talking to you about
what we’re doing, shit!
Don’t tell me it’s not important!
Oh, Ken.
Ken.
Sorry Mounir, I got carried away.
It’s okay, Rémi.
It’s just a movie. Who cares?
“Fast, cheap and average”, right?
You’re right.
The crane plan is deleted.
We’ll step back
to film the star as best we can.
Then end credits.
Great.
I’ll come back.
Hold on, dad.
How many people are available?
No that’s not true.
Please.
What’s that?
It’s the crane.
The crane?
Shit...
I love you!
- Ken.
- There it is, it’s great.
Did I miss a lot of stuff?
Not as much as them.
I leave you.
Hush, stop.
Ken, please...
wake up.
Ken, stop.
Wake up.
I love you.
Stop!
Ken, wake up, it’s me.
Please, Ken!
I love you.
What the fuck did you do?!
He was supposed to bite you!
You didn’t understand anything.
You are dumb.
No, wait.
My name is Higurashi Shisheiku Higurasai.
This is the recording of my last words.
It’s too long!
Yes, that’s great. Go ahead.
From anger.
Yah!!!
Come on. That’s great.
Cut!
Cut!!!
Quick, quick.
Go ahead.
Dad, here.
Cut!!
Come on, come on.
Cut!
It’s finished.
We did it!
It’s a crazy thing!
- It was good, right?
- That’s right.
It was not very expensive...
and they made it quick.
- And it was average.
- That’s right.
Ingenious, it was too good.
But how did you think of that?
I got a ladder,
but it was at the other end.
It’s finished?
Oh, it’s over. Oh, shit.